README.md, before:

Default Project
===============

This is a default structure for PHP projects. With this template you can speed up the process of creating of new:
open-source, proprietary, test, demo and etc. projects!

This template has basic configuration for [PHPUnit](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) and
[PHP-CS-Fixer](https://github.com/friendsofphp/php-cs-fixer) libraries, configured `composer.json`
with PSR-4 namespaces for source code and tests, `.gitignore` with basic files and directories to exclude them from Git, changelog file
and README with cool  badges :)

[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/greeflas/default-project.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)
[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/greeflas/default-project.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/greeflas/default-project)
![Custom badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/greeflas-default--project-red.svg)

Installation
------------

For creating new project based on this template just execute the following command

```bash
$ composer create-project greeflas/default-project project-name
```

> NOTE: You can add `--no-dev` right after `create-project` flag if you don't want to install dev dependencies to your project

Usage
-----

Main changes that you need to do:

1. Update `name`, `description`, `keywords`, `authors` section of the `composer.json` file, [lines 2-4](composer.json#L2-L4), [9-10](composer.json#L9-L10).

2. Update header template in `.php_cs.dist` file, [lines 4-9](.php_cs.dist#L4-L9).

3. Update copyright in `LICENSE` file, [line 3](LICENSE#L3).

Other changes that you may do:

1. Change namespace for source code in `composer.json`, [line 23](composer.json#L23) and for tests [line 28](composer.json#L28).

2. Change PHP version in `composer.json` [line 15](composer.json#L15).

3. Change rules for code style in `.php_cs.dist` file.

4. Add some new files and directories to `.gitignore` file to exclude them from Git.

5. Update readme according to your project

6. Update changelog according to your project

Code style fixer
----------------

To check the code style just run the following command


```bash
$ composer cs-check
```


to fix the code style run next command

```bash
$ composer cs-fix
```

License
-------

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/greeflas/default-project.svg)](LICENSE)

This project is released under the terms of the BSD-3-Clause [license](LICENSE).

Copyright (c) 2018 - 2019, Vladimir Kuprienko

Commit message:

Adds tests composer script for tests running

README.md, after:

Default Project
===============

This is a default structure for PHP projects. With this template you can speed up the process of creating of new:
open-source, proprietary, test, demo and etc. projects!

This template has basic configuration for [PHPUnit](https://github.com/sebastianbergmann/phpunit) and
[PHP-CS-Fixer](https://github.com/friendsofphp/php-cs-fixer) libraries, configured `composer.json`
with PSR-4 namespaces for source code and tests, `.gitignore` with basic files and directories to exclude them from Git, changelog file
and README with cool  badges :)

[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/v/greeflas/default-project.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)
[![Packagist](https://img.shields.io/packagist/dt/greeflas/default-project.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/greeflas/default-project)
![Custom badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/greeflas-default--project-red.svg)

Installation
------------

For creating new project based on this template just execute the following command

```bash
$ composer create-project greeflas/default-project project-name
```

> NOTE: You can add `--no-dev` right after `create-project` flag if you don't want to install dev dependencies to your project

Usage
-----

Main changes that you need to do:

1. Update `name`, `description`, `keywords`, `authors` section of the `composer.json` file, [lines 2-4](composer.json#L2-L4), [9-10](composer.json#L9-L10).

2. Update header template in `.php_cs.dist` file, [lines 4-9](.php_cs.dist#L4-L9).

3. Update copyright in `LICENSE` file, [line 3](LICENSE#L3).

Other changes that you may do:

1. Change namespace for source code in `composer.json`, [line 23](composer.json#L23) and for tests [line 28](composer.json#L28).

2. Change PHP version in `composer.json` [line 16](composer.json#L15).

3. Change rules for code style in `.php_cs.dist` file.

4. Add some new files and directories to `.gitignore` file to exclude them from Git.

5. Update readme according to your project

6. Update changelog according to your project

Code style fixer
----------------

To check the code style just run the following command


```bash
$ composer cs-check
```


to fix the code style run next command

```bash
$ composer cs-fix
```

Tests
-----

You can run tests with composer command

```bash
$ composer tests
```

License
-------

[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/greeflas/default-project.svg)](LICENSE)

This project is released under the terms of the BSD-3-Clause [license](LICENSE).

Copyright (c) 2018 - 2019, Vladimir Kuprienko
